hello and welcome to menor de jangling
the sister company of Maine or desire
soft boy menor de jangling well the
reason we set up menos jangling was
angling is actually a passion of mine
and has been for the best part of my
life
so all I wanted to settle I always said
I would settle the biggest angling
centre in the country one that goes to
come into they can sit down we will have
a pole alley where to go you can pick
sit down and pick up a 16 meter poll and
see what it feels like before Eddie boys
it one where we have a section where I
go you can pick up a fly rod and
actually put a slow line out and see if
he likes it and so far when as well as
data go yes we have walk around and see
everything that's available to him as an
anger instead of having to go onto the
internet and see what's available in
other countries and then boy them in so
that's that's the longtime dream that
I've had I'm now in a position to
actually fulfill that dream and this is
the start of it now we built initially
we built the website Manor is angling
calm and the reason why but behind that
was we were going to start off with a
two year plan of website only where we
would sort of drop ship products
you
everything nearly everything that's in
the site at the moment believe it or not
is in stock you know it sort of dropship
ideas as good as gone we actually are
stocking products now and a hell of a
lot of product
again it's an exact copy of the magnet
Jessup Wesley camano is a soft
eventually one of two awards in 2010
into airsoft international awards for
best airsoft website and best online
retail store
based on that we we said we will build
an exact copy it would have video
content it would have as much
information about the individual
products as we can get our hands on and
as you know the picture quality and
everything else that we had would be
high res pictures and so far we're
getting a very very positive response
from from anglers about the whole system
and people ask you to have it happy now
as you know why we pick specific
products and specific items well we've
cherry picked them and which a picked
them on the request of competent anglers
and you know experienced anglers I've
been an angular sensor you know since I
can remember then you can open those
goods by a part of my childhood and I
Grilli right through with it I took a
break from it for a long time you know
to get if the airsoft business more or
less on on the road and I recently came
back to angling his last few years and
as an angler who's done almost
everything that you can do with an
angler but I fished for if it swims
those this forest I realized that don't
know you have to have proper products
you have to have products that you know
people can people use with confidence
now that doesn't mean that they have the
expensive products / I mean we can start
off you can have the cheap products when
I say cheap I mean low price products
but quality products and still in the
last few years from what I've seen has
got a hell of a lot better for a lot
less money to kind of done it used to be
we make sure that an angler leavin here
has as much information as they need on
a boarding angler if you like has as
much information knows they need to
actually help them a catch fish because
we all know at the end of the day if you
want to catch an angler teach him how to
catch fish and that's that's the bottom
line
well again we're on the full range of
frozen baits for about week and with the
on the full range of frozen blades for
see we again we'll be doing live baits
Lloyd C basis is dragon log and crab and
so far and and we do with your maggots
and we can worms and again we can get
joke or if anyone wants Joker you know
give us a weeks notice less than a week
before fri view that we can we have them
on to choose it a bit i think that's
always annoying me with with maggots in
you know when you're in any other each
other when you go to get them was that
you get this little plastic bag don't
bring a big talk with you get this
little plastic bag and the maggots are
still in the sawdust becky they were
deployed in which is full of ammonia and
it you know it kills them a guitar how
you decide to do what they do in the UK
in most of it go tackle shops in the UK
and that's every all our markets are
when we get them in we clean them we
take that Dorothy's other starters we
put them into fresh maize meal and when
you home in the port system we don't
give you a plastic bag we give you a
sealed plastic tub locks tube with
ventilation holes on the top and the
maggots are spotless when you smell them
there's no smell no nothing it's it's
it's just a millage comfortable
packaging we don't charge any extra
charge the same places on your retailer
for our maggots we don't charge the tube
we don't charge for the cleaning
and with the index financial climate
that went in at the moment we all know
that you know things are toys paper line
spending a lot of people haven't got it
to stand and you know but they need to
pass time Tipler aunt walk and
everything else we know they need to
have it some sort of an outlet to
destress if you look so what we had to
deal was we said let's look for a range
of products that could come in at a an
entry level voice would yet be a good
quality product and then go right up to
what the you know the experience anger
are they you know did some of you who
can afford to Boyd the better quality
gear you know can Boyd
I mean for instance we have a term Terry
quarter pound test score blood with a
6,000 Shakespeare bait wallet full of
loin and we're dealing about us 59 99
for the city angular mean we have rods
from wit rails and line from 44 europe
we even have a kit where it's too big to
12 of each casters a fantastic quality
part our standard tripod and wit rails
i'm going to hold up with you laughs 187
euro
we have a sonic where we're going to be
stuck in Gray's we're going to be
stalking we have shimano we have Fox you
know four the carp anglers we have korda
we have guru you give anglers choice and
you will get your getting in the door
and that's what we're looking for